# Meeting Agenda

Date: 2014-09-23

Facilitator: Martin Nilsson

Participants: Daniel Eineving, Andreas Pegalow, Martin Nilsson, Simon Nielsen, Simon Petersson

## Objectives
#####What are our primary objective at the moment?

We need to create more user stories and fill our backlog.

We need to book a meeting with ndushi.

Test the vehicle integration.

Implement Google maps API.

Get the basic views up and running.


## Reports
#### Solved

Simon has solved how to swap between the different views.

We have implemented models for the core functionality.

We have solved our issues with the swedspoit API and have integrated the api<br />
with our project.


#### Unsolved

We haven't got the simulator running yet, we'll need that asap to test the <br />
swedspit api integration.


## Discussion items

#### How are we doing?

The programming is going as planned, though we need to focus more on creating and <br />
maintaining a proper backlog.

#### What do we need to do?

Write more backlog. Create Fuzzies, Epics and User Stories.

Start writing unit tests and test the code on a regular basis.


## Outcomes and assignments

Daniel will start looking at the Google Maps API and try to define an interface <br />
between the api and our app.

Martin will try to get the simulator running and test the swedspot api integration.

Andreas will continue to work on the regulations handling.

Simon N will implement the layout of some of the views.

## Wrap up 

#### What needs to be done until the next meeting?
We need to work more on the backlog.
