# Meeting Agenda

Date: 2014-09-30

Facilitator: Mikael Malmqvist

Participants: Mikael Malmqvist, Andreas Pegalow, Martin Nilsson, Simon Nielsen, Simon Petersson

## Objectives
#####What are our primary objective at the moment?

We need to create more user stories and fill our backlog.

We need to implement the maps API better - new route etc


## Reports
#### Solved

Units test has been added to work with gradle (check readme for how-to)

Refactored the tabs structure

We've got settings working and are able to save key-values that are restored when app is closed and opened

Session and history class has been made

We've got the basic views up and running

We've got the simulator running 

swedspot api integration with the simulator

We have implemented models for the core functionality.

We have solved our issues with the swedspot API and have integrated the api<br />
with our project.


#### Unsolved

We haven't implemented the maps API properly

We need to create more user stories and fill our backlog.


## Discussion items

#### How are we doing?

We're doing good progress

#### What do we need to do?

Write more backlog. Create Fuzzies, Epics and User Stories.

More digital design mock-ups

Get the maps API working

Implement the directions API


## Outcomes and assignments

Mikael will implement stats

Simon P. will implement the maps API properly

Daniel will work more on the directions API

Simon N. will work more on the clock

Andreas will work more on the regulations

Martin will refine the root of the app


## Wrap up 

#### What needs to be done until the next meeting?

The clock will be done

The route-to-map functionality should be done

Most of the regulations should be done

Stats should be done

