# Meeting Agenda

Date: 2014-10-14

Facilitator: Mikael Malmqvist

Participants: Daniel Eineving, Mikael Malmqvist, Andreas Pegalow, Martin Nilsson, Simon Nielsen, Simon Petersson

## Objectives
#####What are our primary objective at the moment?

sprint 3

## Reports
#### Solved

Sprint 2

We have finished with connecting up the different parts of the app, but might need to refarcotor.

We've got the core functionality of the app running.

Implementation for changing the ui depending on distraction level is done

The tripplanner is now coupled and gives us answers and some exception handling is better done.

We've got fully implemented checkpoints in the route. 

We've added settings for changing tank size.

Reading from truck signals for fuel consumptions etc is implemented into stats

Implementation for handling sessions/signals via the tachograph is done


#### Unsolved

Fix error handling when not connected to internet/gps.

Fix saving/loading user history to disk.

## Discussion items

#### How are we doing?

It's going good.

#### What do we need to do?

More unit tests

Get the tripplanner and clock connected

Check out alternative colour schemes for when distaction level is changed

The tripplanner needs to be better implemented

Fuel level need to be checked out

Get EURegulations done

Display user session history in stats

Look over the apps text font for a unified user experience

Bug fixes


## Outcomes and assignments

Simon N. will get the tripplanner and clock connected and will have checked out the colour shceme

Daniel will improve the tripplanner

Martin will help Eineving and get his work and fix the session history reading/writing

Andreas will finish his work on EURegulations

Mikael will create a unified user experience through fonts, and display the session history in stats. He will further more improve readings from the truck signals (fuel consumption etc). He will fix bugs in new route.

## Wrap up 

#### What needs to be done until the next meeting?

Sprint 3

Check out __Outcomes and assignments__


#### When are we having the next meeting?
Time: 141017 10:00
Room: M1212F
