# Meeting Agenda

Date: 2014-10-21

Facilitator: Mikael Malmqvist

Participants: Daniel Eineving, Mikael Malmqvist, Martin Nilsson, Simon Nielsen, Simon Petersson, Andreas Pegelow

## Objectives
#####What are our primary objective at the moment?

Prepare the presentation

Finetune app to fitt the guidelines

<b>Refactor code to avoid code smell</b>

## Reports
#### Solved

<b>Release 0.3 done!</b>

We've redone the mapmodel and rethreaded some code to make it more thread safe

We now got a nice logo, check out the README! 

Fixed a lot with the distraction level in app

Reworked clock for a better implemented MVP-model

Improved visual feedback troughout the app

We've run STAN and solved the interpolation

Tripplanner now takes the fuel level in account when calculating the trip

We've done a lot of unit tests

#### Unsolved

Fix signal request handling from the truck

## Discussion items

#### How are we doing?

Release 1.0 will be released on friday

#### What do we need to do?

Prepare the the presentation for friday

Finetune app to fitt the SICS guidelines

We need to add a video when running with and without occlusion for the presentation 

Write documentation

Refactor code

Modify MVP - make all the presenters into IViews!


## Outcomes and assignments

Mikael will try to redo the tabs with icons instead of text and redo how history works in new route and record a video of the app running
</br>
<b>Documentation:</b> User Manual

Simon P. will redo some coding in mapView
</br>
<b>Documentation:</b> Design decisions?

Pegelow will write more tests and do a poster for the presentation
</br>
<b>Documentation:</b> External dependencies

Simon N. will do unit tests and bug fixes
</br>
<b>Documentation:</b> User Manual

Martin will fix some bugs the chaning between distaction levels, do unit test and refactor some code for better STAN results. Checkout signal request handling from the truck
</br>
<b>Documentation:</b> Design decisions? Build process - gradle in android studio.

Daniel will optimize the binary search to reduce the calls to the APIs
</br>
<b>Documentation:</b> UML

## Wrap up 

#### What needs to be done until the next meeting?

Check out __Outcomes and assignments__


#### When are we having the next meeting?
Time: 
Room: 
