# Meeting Agenda

Date: 2014-10-17

Facilitator: Mikael Malmqvist

Participants: Daniel Eineving, Mikael Malmqvist, Martin Nilsson, Simon Nielsen, Simon Petersson

## Objectives
#####What are our primary objective at the moment?

Request signals needs to be refined

Implement loading dialogs to fulfill SICS guidelines

We need to user-test the app

## Reports
#### Solved

<b>Release 0.2 is out!</b>

SQL database is done

Listener on fuel tank and setting the size of it

Fixed a errors when not connected to the internet and follow route in maps

We can now draw the checkpoints in map

Alternative colour scheme has been set for changing distraction level

Trip planner is as good as done

The clock has been connected to the clock

We have looked over all the fonts for a unified user experience

We've added various dialogs in the app

EURegulations is done

Reworked stats

Reading of signals from the truck has been improved

We've now got a list of session history in stats

We've got some unit testing done

#### Unsolved

Fuel level calculating is not yet implemented in the trip planner

## Discussion items

#### How are we doing?

Deadline is coming! We need to get our release 1.0 done.
No more big features!

#### What do we need to do?

More unit tests

Fix signal handling from the truck

Implement loading dialogs

Fix the distraction tabs

We need to run STAN and check all dependencies 

Prepare the presentation

Refine the trip planner (fix bugs)

Implement fuel level calculating in the trip planner

## Outcomes and assignments

Martin will run STAN and refine signal handing, and help Simon P.

Mikael will fix a bug with the session history list, write unit tests, implement loading screens

Andreas will create a nice logo and poster for the presentation and do unit tests

Simon P. will redo his threading for the polyline drawing, and make the map model more stabil. 

Simon N. will do unit tests, and look over what documentation needs to be added to the depo and deligate the work.

## Wrap up 

#### What needs to be done until the next meeting?

Check out __Outcomes and assignments__


#### When are we having the next meeting?
Time: 141021, 09.00
Room: 5213 (EDIT)
