# Meeting Agenda

Date: 2014-10-03

Facilitator: Mikael Malmqvist

Participants: Mikael Malmqvist, Martin Nilsson, Daniel Eineving, Simon Petersson

## Objectives
#####What are our primary objective at the moment?

Implement the trip planner, so we can build our app around it.

Connect search in new route to a direction request


## Reports
#### Solved

We've looked into the directions API and are able to sends request and recieve data (restricted requests)

For the directions API: We can draw routes on the map

For the user-stories: We've come to realize that we don't need to work more on them

Stats implementation is as good as done

Settings can change system sound etc in realtime

We've fixed a eventbus for handling events such as clicks etc.

The clock is done, but might have to be refined later on

We've refined the root of the app, but will have to work more on this because
of the new event handling

We've started working on the new route - layout is done

#### Unsolved

The Maps API is not completely done, but as good as for now.

No more digital mockups, but this might not be needed.

Regulations is not solved, but will hopefully be done until next meeting


## Discussion items

#### How are we doing?

We're gonna have sprint 2 done by next friday (a week from now)

#### What do we need to do?

see __Objectives__

## Outcomes and assignments

Mikael will keep working on the new route logic

Daniel will create more help classes for the trip planner - wrappers for the google API:s

Simon P will finish the implementation of the google maps API

Martin will finish the interpolation of the map view

Simon N. will refactor his clock and test his code properly

Andreas will keep working on the regulations



## Wrap up 

#### What needs to be done until the next meeting?

The implemenation of the google maps API will be done

The interpolation will be done

The wrapper the directions API will be done


